(Yuya)
Previously on
"YuGiOh Arc‐V"...
(screaming)
What now?
We've picked up an intense
burst of Synchro energy
in the Iceberg Zone!
Anybody else
around here?
Hello!
(screaming)
(gasping)
(Aura)
There are two souls
residing inside my darling!
(all)
Say what now?
(Aura)
Wait, I'm also
sensing a third...
A darker, scarier
presence...
It's terrifying!
Mr. President, our ninjas
have escaped the intruders
and led Zuzu and Celina
to safety.
I'm going to track down
this Shay character,
you told me about.
I have to find out if
what you said is true.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(crowd booing)
(woman)
This is ridiculous!
What a rip off!
(woman)
I want my money back!
The crowd is not happy
and I can't blame them,
because I'm not
happy either.
I simply don't know
what's going on anymore.
If I can't see the duels,
the who, what, when, how
and why are
all a mystery to me!
Which means, I can't offer my
incredible commentary!
And that means
I don't get paid!
(Tate)
Looks like the actions
still happening guys.
See here?
The duels are
all going on
whether they have
an audience or not!
So then those are
the results?
Looks like two Senior Division
duelists lost their duels.
Never mind
who lost, Tate...
Look who won in
the Youth Semi's.
Riley.
So the final
Youth matchup is set!
Looks like it's me...
And him.
Oh, hey...
It's you.
So how's it
going, Yuri?
Did you
find her?
Sure did!
See for your‐‐
What in the?
She's surrounded.
Uh‐oh...
(Yuri)
Why are
they here?
This is my job
not theirs.
I thought the Professor ordered
only me to bring Zuzu back.
Uh, I may
know why.
Zuzu has
a lookalike.
Her name's Celina and she
and Zuzu had a switcheroo
with their outfits.
Must be a case
of mistaken identity.
Ya know, kinda like how you
and Yuya look similar.
Yuya?
Who is he?
He's a duelist from
the standard dimension.
(warbling)
(Olga)
That's the last
time you steer!
(Halil)
Me?
I thought you were
the one steering!
Well that would
explain how we got here.
Hey, look!
We happened upon
some duelists!
Sure did.
Care for an
autograph?
Nyet.
I care for a
Pendulum Card!
Sorry but that
will have to wait.
We're in the middle
of something.
No.
I'll make time
for these two.
And now...
They will pay.
(Zuzu)
For Celina to find out
what really happened
in the Xyz Dimension,
she needs to meet Shay,
but to give her that chance
I'll need to keep these guys
off her trail.
So...
Let's duel!
♪
The odds might
be against me,
but I'm always
up for a challenge.
'Cause when
the dueling gets tough,
the tough get dueling!
(Yuri)
Good to know!
(gasping)
Yuya?
Yes, I heard we have a
resemblance, but no,
that's not me.
Now to the matter
at hand.
You three,
step away from the girl
or this will happen
to you!
Huh?
What will?
No way...
That's Halil
and Olga...
What did you
do to them?
Nothing they
didn't deserve.
I trapped their souls
in these cards.
That's what they get for
interfering with my business.
My business with you.
(Zuzu)
Other than Yuto, Yuya
said there was another guy
that looked just like
him named Yugo.
This must be him.
So you're
responsible for this?
That's right.
Then you're
a monster!
That's a bit harsh,
don't you think?
No!
But I can't wait
to show you what is!
Now, now, watch
your temper.
You don't want to be
turned into a card, do you?
That is to
say...
If the Professor didn't
have other plans for you.
The Professor?
He rules Duel Academy
with an iron fist
and his orders
are the supreme law.
What does he
want with me?
Beats me...
I mean, you're a dead
ringer for Lulu and Rin
so maybe that's why
he wants you.
Lulu?
You know
Does that mean you're
the one who took her?
Right
you are.
Where did you
take her?
The same place that I'm
going to be taking you.
You are coming back with
me to my dimension,
so I can deliver
you to the Professor.
Well, you can tell him there's
been a change of plans!
We can do this the easy
way or the hard way.
I'm offering
you the easy way,
but I hope you refuse because
I prefer the hard way!
I'm offering
you the easy way,
but I hope you refuse because
I prefer the hard way.
(laughing)
Wow, nice
moves there...
You remind me a bit
of Lulu and Rin...
A lot, in fact.
Tell you
what, Zuzu...
How about we duel, and
if I win you come with me
and if you win...
you go.
Make a deal
with you?
No way!
I don't
trust you!
Maybe you don't
trust yourself...
Maybe you know you don't
stand a chance against me
in a duel and are
just plain scared.
In your dreams!
So then
prove it.
Let's see
your skills.
Fine!
But you asked
for it...
You're so
going down!
(Dennis)
Looks like Yuri can pretty
much take things from here.
Now how about letting
me help all of you?
I aim to please!
What's this?
First a frozen wasteland
and now fire?
This is one
very strange world.
(boy)
Watch your left!
What have
we here?
They've got
us surrounded!
(boy)
We may be outnumbered,
but our monsters are
stronger than theirs!
Remember, we're LID!
We're the best
of the best!
Well let's see how
your best measures up
after I activate the spell
Ancient Armageddon Gear!
Now Triple Ancient Gear Hunting
Hound can attack three times!
(growling)
First I'll attack
your Leodrake!
(boy)
Whatever!
My Leodrake has more
attack points
than your
triple‐headed mutt!
That's what
you think!
My Hunting Hounds
hunt like a pack!
Since your monster
has a Gear Counter,
Double Ancient Gear Hunting
Hound's special ability
automatically
destroys your monster!
But it's not
over yet!
Next, due to Ancient
Armageddon Gear's effect,
you take damage equal to the
attack points of your Leodrake,
which is 3,000!
No!
(gasping)
Please, don't!
No!
(laughing)
And now it's time for
you to join your friend
so we can add you to
our collection!
(screaming)
I've seen
this before...
(screaming)
Those creeps!
They just
won't stop!
So I'll have to
stop them!
You're the last one standing,
but you won't be for long!
(Yugo)
Not so fast!
(gasping)
(woman)
Intruder in
the Volcano Zone!
Who is he?
He doesn't appear to be
working with those Fusion
Warriors!
Is he here to
help us?
Think I'll crash
your little battle royal
by summoning
Speedroid Menko!
Now, thanks to Menko's
special ability,
all your monsters immediately
switch into defense mode!
No!
Curse you...
That means
we can't attack!
You'll pay for this!
Who are you?
Yugo.
You go?
We go
where?
Yugo's my name!
But you are
going somewhere...
Going down!
I summon Speedroid
Tri‐Eyed Dice!
And now, I tune Level 3 Tri‐Eyed
Dice with Level 4 Menko!
Beat your wings to whip up
a whirlwind of destruction!
I synchro summon...
Clear Wing
Synchro Dragon!
He must be from
the Synchro Dimension.
Heh!
Like that's supposed
to scare me?
Double Ancient Gear Hunting
Hound's special ability
will destroy that
monster in no time!
Now your Syncrho Dragon will
be perishing at light speed!
Don't be so sure.
Say what?
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon not
only stops that special ability,
but it destroys your
Hunting Hound as well!
And the icing on the cake,
your own card deals you damage!
Oh, man, it doesn't get
much worse than that!
You're wrong...
It gets a
whole lot worse...
Because now Synchro Dragon
gains attack points
equal to his Hunting
Hound's attack points and...
There's more!
Next I activate...
The spell card Synchro Cracker
to finish you once and for all!
By returning Synchro Dragon
to my Extra Deck,
all monsters with fewer
attack points are destroyed.
And just when you thought things
couldn't get any worse,
Ancient Armageddon
Gear's effect activates,
dealing you damage equal
to the attack points
of all your
destroyed Hunting Hounds!
(groaning)
(Claude)
Unbelievable!
He beat them all!
Yes, he did.
How intriguing.
Hey, are
you okay?
Please
don't hurt me!
I'm the fragile
type!
Hey!
You know...
The least he could've
done is say thank you.
Mr. President we might
have defeated them,
but I fear this is
only the first wave.
We need to gather more
reinforcements, sir.
Agreed.
But the question
remains,
exactly what type of
reinforcements shall we send?
The best that Leo
has to offer.
Claude, don't you have
the sense to realize by now?
Our best isn't
good enough.
It's not
even close.
The enemy we face
is a new breed
so in order to defeat them we
need something new ourselves,
and in the dueling universe
there's nothing newer
than Pendulum Summoning,
and there's no duelists
who know it better...
Than Yuya Sakaki.
He and the next
generation of duelists
are on the cutting
edge.
And that's the edge we
need to stand any chance
of being victorious in
this high‐stakes battle.
Why's it always
about Yuya?
Sylvio?
Impossible!
How'd you get
past security?
Because I wanted to,
and what I want I get.
And right now I wanna second
shot in the tournament!
I want a second
shot at Yuya!
Too bad.
Aw, come on,
Declan!
You know
how good I am.
You're running this
tournament, change the rules!
I want back
in the action!
I see...
Very well then, I'll
give you a second shot.
You'll what?
♪
(Yuya)
Are there really
two souls inside of me?
And if there are, one of
them's you, isn't it Yuto?
Because when I saw those guys
seal those duelists up in cards,
I suddenly remembered all the
people of the Xyz Dimension
getting sealed
up in cards, too.
And those memories
weren't mine.
They were yours, Yuto.
The worlds getting
so dark and scary.
But then
I remembered...
Use your power to keep the world
entertained... and smiling.
Your words were
all about hope and joy.
That's why I know it's not
you who's caused me to lose
control.
When you were passed out, I
sensed another presence in you.
There was also some
kind of darkness
trying to take
over the both of you.
There's darkness
in me somewhere
and if this darkness
takes over me again,
I'm afraid of what I might
do especially to my friends.
(Yusho)
And when things get tough,
respond with a smile.
It will give you the strength
to keep moving forward!
Hold on.
I do know what
to do!
I can't let
fear overtake me.
I'm going to keep
fighting!
And I know that
you'll help me, Yuto!
Because it's exactly
like you said,
dueling is all about keeping the
world entertained and smiling!
We'll get through
this together!
And we'll win!
And there one more
thing we'll do...
Put on a great show!
Rise and
shine everyone!
(Reed)
Who's up for
some breakfast?
♪
Reed, you've
done it again.
This is delicious!
Aw, I just put together some
stuff we had laying around.
Don't be modest.
If I made a meal of what
we had laying around,
we'd be eating dirt
and twig sandwiches.
Trout is right.
Gong thanks you for this
very fine sustenance.
It's what Yuya needed
to regain his strength.
Well done, Reed!
Reed, Reed, Reed...
If I'd know all
it took was a meal
to save my sweet
precious darling Yuya
I'd have ordered
delivery.
I am out
of here!
Hey!
I don't know where
I'm going!
She seems upset.
Yeah, no kidding.
Still, since she's not
in the tournament,
I guess she can run off
to wherever she wants.
Oh, she'll
have company.
After all, she's not the only
duelist around these parts
here for their
own personal reasons.
Like Sora...
Huh?
What about Sora?
He's back, but I don't think
he's on our side anymore.
(Zuzu)
I should've known dueling
this guy was mistake.
(Yuri)
Come out, come out
wherever you are!
I commend you for evading
me for this long,
but let's
face facts...
We will sniff you out
eventually, so give up!
Come on, get out
of the cold
and return with me to
see the Professor.
(roaring)
(shrieking)
Well, well,
look what I found.
(shrieking)
Well, well, look
what I found.
(Zuzu)
Oh no,
I'm cornered.
Yuya, I wish you
were here!
What this?
It's glowing,
like it did before.
Yuya?
Are you here?
Huh?
Rin?
Rin!
You're safe!
Sorry...
But, uh...
Wrong girl.
You remind me a bit
of Lulu and Rin...
A lot, in fact.
Wait, why did
you think I was Rin?
Who is this
girl?
I can't
believe it...
That's Zuzu
down there!
First she acts all flirty
with my honey bunny Yuya
and now she's all
lovey‐dovey with another guy!
What nerve!
(screaming)
Now that's a
brain freeze...
Hey, Yuya!
Dennis?
Hey, did
you hear?
I just had a match
with Zuzu and won!
Zuzu?
Where at?
The Volcano zone.
Why?
There's
trouble.
All kinds of duelists are
causing all kinds of mayhem!
Whadaya mean by
"all kinds"?
Well, this is
hard to believe,
but there are duelists from
other dimensions here!
Other dimensions?
Quit joking,
Yuya.
It's no joke.
They're here and
they mean business.
My friend Sora's
one of 'em!
Interesting...
Hey, it must be pretty
cool to have a friend
from another
dimension.
Not really.
We're not sure what he's up to
and that's why Gong and I
are sticking together.
It's not safe to be alone, so
we're looking for our friends,
trying to make
sure they're okay.
Four of us split up earlier so
we could cover more ground.
Wow, this
sounds serious.
Zuzu said she was going
to the Iceberg zone.
Let's look there!
Whadaya mean
"who's Rin?"
You're Rin!
What's that?
Now what's happening?
Zuzu?
You out here?
Don't see her.
Think she went to
another zone?
(Dennis)
Yuri must
have gotten her.
Looks like the pieces are
all falling into place.
(Sora)
Quite a duel we've had
up to this point, Shay...
But I'm going to make sure
this duel ends here and now!
Yes!
This is just
what I needed...
Here goes!
I activate Fluffal Mouse's
special ability!
Since my Mouse is
currently in attack mode,
I'm allowed to summon
two Fluffal Mice
straight
from my deck!
Now, get ready, 'cause this
here's the good part!
I fuse Edge Imp Sabres
and my three Fluffal Mice!
Edge of sharpness and
mayhem of mice...
When the four come together,
you will pay the price!
I Fusion Summon!
Frightfur Tiger!
And now Frightfur Tiger's
special ability activates!
So four of your feathered
flock are fricasseed!
Your goose
is cooked!
Oh, no!
And now your one remaining
Force Strix's attack points
drop to a
measly 100!
Too bad.
(panting)
Next my Tiger gains
300 attack points
for each Frighfur
monster I have...
And I have
one right now!
So that's 300
extra points!
And now,
to use 'em!
Frightfur Tiger,
attack!
Destroy that Force Strix,
finish Shay...
And every single
thing that he fights for!
That's Shay?
(screaming)
Oh, no!
How will I ever
find out the truth now?
♪